docs: use github template instead of git clone (#527)
canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack: docs/tutorial/set-up.rst

Copy the starter pack
=====================

> If you're starting a new project, create it from the `starter pack repository <https://github.com/canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack>`_ with the :guilabel:`Use this template` button. `Using a template <https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template>`_ copies the default branch without the git history or other unneeded artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're starting a new project, `copy the starter pack as a template repository <https://github.com/new?template_name=sphinx-docs-starter-pack&template_owner=canonical>`__.

If you're creating documentation for a Canonical project, set the owner to
**canonical**.
```

A few suggestions:

- I think the new repo form will serve users better.
- Soon we'll only have `main`, so I don't think we need to mention the bit about Git history.

Reviewer: @minaelee Let me know what you think about this suggestion. I'd like to get your PR merged for this week's release.
